Refund improvements. (#32)
BuilderNet/website: docs/api.mdx

> **Refunds:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**MEV Refunds:**
```
Let's use the terminology we already use [here](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-protect/mev-refunds)

When a searcher makes money by using some user tx, it pays the builder to be included in the block. Part of that payment is refunded to the user.
To determine how much the searcher paid the builder, we check the delta in the builder's balance before and after executing a particular tx in the bundle. By checking this delta, we are considering gas payments and also explicit transfers from the searcher to the builder.
 

>  These refunds should not be confused with [BuilderNet Refunds](./refunds.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 These refunds should not be confused with [Gas Fee Refunds](./refunds.mdx).
```
Let's use this terminology, which we already use [here](https://docs.flashbots.net/flashbots-auction/advanced/gas-fee-refunds#:~:text=Searchers%20and%20private%20transaction%20API,to%20be%20eligible%20for%20them.)
